README.md, before:

# Windows Scoring Engine

The Windows Scoring Engine is a python program designed to aid in the scoring of Windows virtual images. It has a clean detection and output of vulnerabilities that are manually checked.

## Getting Started

Before zipping the folder off, make a copy of the python scoring engine file and change the top, global variables to fit what you desire. Then, download the Scoring Engine folder to a virtual image.

### Prerequisites

You will need a Windows system. Currently, the program has been tested to work on:

```
Windows 10
```

### "Installing"

If you are using the executable version, use Task Scheduler to schedule the exe to run on startup as Administrator.

Further instructions are below

```
foobar example
```

And repeat

```
until finished with example
```

Test the engine to see if it runs without errors.

## Modifying the Engine to Your Purposes

THE BIG SECTION oooooOOOOOoOOOOOooooooo

## Running the tests

Use a pre-built image to test the vulnerabilities to ensure that the scoring engine is scoring correctly.

## Built With

* [Python](https://www.python.org/) - The coding language used

## Authors

* **Jimmy Li** - *Initial work* - [jimmyl02](https://github.com/jimmyl02)
* **Clement Chan** - [compileSuccess](https://github.com/compileSuccess)

## License

This project is licensed under the Copyright License

## Acknowledgments

* Thanks to Jared Flores for inspiration

Commit message:

balancing and getting rid of ooOOooOo
self explanatory

README.md, after:

# Windows Scoring Engine

The Windows Scoring Engine is a python program designed to aid in the scoring of Windows virtual images. It has a clean detection and output of vulnerabilities that are manually checked.

## Getting Started

Before zipping the folder off, make a copy of the python scoring engine file and change the top, global variables to fit what you desire. Then, download the Scoring Engine folder to a virtual image.

### Prerequisites

You will need a Windows system. Currently, the program has been tested to work on:

```
Windows 10
```

### "Installing"

If you are using the executable version, use Task Scheduler to schedule the exe to run on startup as Administrator.

Further instructions are below

```
foobar example
```

And repeat

```
until finished with example
```

Test the engine to see if it runs without errors.

## Modifying the Engine to Your Purposes

THE BIG SECTION

## Running the tests

Use a pre-built image to test the vulnerabilities to ensure that the scoring engine is scoring correctly.

## Built With

* [Python](https://www.python.org/) - The coding language used

## Authors

* **Jimmy Li** - [jimmyl02](https://github.com/jimmyl02)
* **Clement Chan** - [compileSuccess](https://github.com/compileSuccess)

## License

This project is licensed under the Copyright License. If you are not the author you shouldn't have access to this unless permitted for special reasons.

## Acknowledgments

* Thanks to Jared Flores for inspiration
